==> Beginner Level
	1. What is the default location of the Ansible hosts file?
	
	2. Difference between in config file and inventory file or What is the use of ansible.cfg file?
	
	3. How do you validate inventory file ?
	ansible-inventory -i inventory.ini --list
	
	4. How do you validate host connection ?
	ansible myhosts -m ping -i inventory.ini
	
	5. Where do you define variables, inventory or yaml file
	
	6. How to managed nodes connected, how do they resolve DNS ?
	
	7. What is YAML and why is it used in Ansible?
	
	8. Can you run Ansible without root privileges?
	
	9. What is the difference between a playbook and an ad-hoc command?

	10. Ansible feature ?
		. Agentless
		. Mass deployment
		. Migration and testing to prod environment
		. Revert back to previous version (Rolling update) - In case application failure

	11. What does ouput in yellow means, red means and green means ?
	Ans: Yellow - something changed
	     Green - No change
	     Red - Error

	12. Is ansible idempotent and why it is important ? Difference in bash and Ansible ?
	Ans: Idempotent is running same task multiple time and if already installed, it will not re-install.
	     Bash is not idempotent, whereas Ansible is.

	13. How can you check if a playbook is idempotent?
	Ans: run script and check if anything changed or not.

	14. What is latest Ansible name ?
	Ans: Ansible navigator from redhat

	15. What is the difference between ansible navigator and ansible core ?
	Ans: Ansible Core is the foundational, open-source automation engine, while Ansible Navigator is a tool built on top of it.

==> Intermediate Level
	1. What are Ansible facts and how are they collected ?
	
	2. Explain the structure of an Ansible playbook.
	
	3. What is a role in Ansible?
	
	4. How do you include or import playbooks or tasks?
	
	5. What is the difference between include and import in Ansible?
	
	6. What are handlers in Ansible or how do you capture errors in Ansible?
	
	7. What is the difference in host_vars and group_vars ?
	
	8. How do you use when conditionals in Ansible?

==> Intermediate Level
	1. Explain Ansible Vault. How do you use it?
	
	2. How do you manage secrets in Ansible?
	
	3. What are custom modules and how do you create one in Ansible?
	
	4. How can you optimize playbook execution for a large number of hosts?
	
	5. How do you handle errors in Ansible? (e.g., ignore_errors, failed_when)
	
	6. How can you perform rolling updates using Ansible?

==> Real-World / Scenario-Based Questions
	1. How would you deploy a web server using Ansible?
	
	2. How do you ensure only specific hosts in a group run a certain task?
	
	3. You need to install a package only if it's not installed. How would you do that?
	
	4. How do you test your Ansible playbooks before running them on production?
	
	5. How do you manage different environments (dev/staging/prod) in Ansible?

	
